# Appendix A - Format of Test Profiles


<!-- -->

## EFI Requirements Test Profile

**File Path: SCT\Dependency\EfiCompliantBBTest\EfiCompliant.Ini**

\[Platform Specific\]

ConsoleDevices = \<yes: if this platform includes console devices\>

GraphicalConsoleDevices = \<yes: if this platform includes graphical
console devices\>

PointerDevices = \<yes: if this platform includes a pointer device as
part of its console support\>

BootFromDiskDevices = \<yes: if this platform supports to boot from a
disk device\>

BootFromNetworkDevices = \<yes: if this platform supports to boot from a
network device\>

UartDevices = \<yes: if this platform includes a byte-stream device such
as a UART\>

PciBusSupport = \<yes: if this platform includes PCI bus support\>

UsbBusSupport = \<yes: if this platform includes USB bus support\>

ScsiPassThru = \<yes: if this platform includes an I/O system that uses
SCSI command packets\>

DebugSupport = \<yes: if this platform supports debugging capabilities\>

PlatformDriverOverride = \<yes: includes the ability to override the
default driver\>

## EFI_PCI_ROOT_BRIDGE_IO_PROTOCOL Test Profile

\[PollMem_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The PCI root bridge device path string\>

Address = \<The memory address controlled by this root bridge\>

RootBridgeIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_ROOT_BRIDGE_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH\>

TargetValue = \<The target value to be set and polled in destination
address, in hex format\>

AlternateValue = \<The alternate value to be set in destination address,
in hex format\>

\[PollIo_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The PCI root bridge device path string\>

Address = \<The Io address controlled by this root bridge\>

RootBridgeIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_ROOT_BRIDGE_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH\>

TargetValue = \<The target value to be set and polled in destination
address, in hex format\>

AlternateValue = \<The alternate value to be set in destination address,
in hex format\>

\[MemRead_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The PCI root bridge device path string\>

Address = \<The memory address controlled by this root bridge\>

RootBridgeIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_ROOT_BRIDGE_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH\>

Length = \<The tested address length, in hex format\>

DataUnits = \<The data unit to be written in to tested area, this item
can be **NULL**\>

\[MemWrite_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The PCI root bridge device path string\>

Address = \<The memory address controlled by this root bridge\>

RootBridgeIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_ROOT_BRIDGE_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH\>

Length = \<The tested address length, in hex format\>

DataUnits = \<The data unit to be written in to tested area, this item
can be **NULL**\>

\[IoRead_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The PCI root bridge device path string\>

Address = \<The Io address controlled by this root bridge\>

RootBridgeIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_ROOT_BRIDGE_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH\>

Length = \<The tested address length, in hex format\>

DataUnits = \<The data unit to be written in to tested area, this item
can be **NULL**\>

\[IoWrite_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The PCI root bridge device path string\>

Address = \<The Io address controlled by this root bridge\>

RootBridgeIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_ROOT_BRIDGE_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH\>

Length = \<The tested address length, in hex format\>

DataUnits = \<The data unit to be written in to tested area, this item
can be **NULL**\>

\[PciRead_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The PCI root bridge device path string\>

Address = \<The PCI address controlled by this root bridge\>

RootBridgeIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_ROOT_BRIDGE_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH\>

Length = \<The tested address length, in hex format\>

DataUnits = \<The data unit to be written in to tested area, this item
can be **NULL**\>

\[PciWrite_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The PCI root bridge device path string\>

Address = \<The PCI address controlled by this root bridge\>

RootBridgeIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_ROOT_BRIDGE_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH\>

Length = \<The tested address length, in hex format\>

DataUnits = \<The data unit to be written in to tested area, this item
can be **NULL**\>

\[CopyMem_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The PCI root bridge device path string\>

Address = \<The memory address controlled by this root bridge\>

RootBridgeIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_ROOT_BRIDGE_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH\>

Length = \<The tested address length, in hex format\>

DataUnits = \<The data unit to be written in to tested area, this item
can be **NULL**\>

\[MemRead_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The PCI root bridge device path string\>

RootBridgeIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_ROOT_BRIDGE_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH invalid
for this system\>

\[MemWrite_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The PCI root bridge device path string\>

RootBridgeIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_ROOT_BRIDGE_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH invalid
for this system\>

\[IoRead_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The PCI root bridge device path string\>

RootBridgeIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_ROOT_BRIDGE_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH invalid
for this system\>

\[IoWrite_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The PCI root bridge device path string\>

RootBridgeIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_ROOT_BRIDGE_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH invalid
for this system\>

\[PciRead_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The PCI root bridge device path string\>

RootBridgeIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_ROOT_BRIDGE_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH invalid
for this system\>

\[PciWrite_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The PCI root bridge device path string\>

RootBridgeIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_ROOT_BRIDGE_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH invalid
for this system\>

\[CopyMem_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The PCI root bridge device path string\>

RootBridgeIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_ROOT_BRIDGE_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH invalid
for this system\>


## EFI_PCI_IO_PROTOCOL Test Profile

\[PollMem_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The Pci Device Path String\>

BarIndex = \<The BAR Index valid value is 0-5\>

AddressOffset = \<The Address offset in this BAR, in hex format\>

PciIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH. For example
EfiPciIoWidthUint8\>

TargetValue = \<The target value to Poll in destination address, in hex
format\>

AlternateValue = \<The alternate value set in destination address, in
hex format\>

\[PollIo_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The Pci Device Path String\>

BarIndex = \<The BAR Index valid value is 0-5\>

AddressOffset = \<The Address offset in this BAR, in hex format\>

PciIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH. For example
EfiPciIoWidthUint8\>

TargetValue = \<The target value to Poll in destination address, in hex
format\>

AlternateValue = \<The alternate value set in destination address, in
hex format\>

\[MemRead_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The Pci Device Path String\>

BarIndex = \<The BAR Index valid value is 0-5\>

AddressOffset = \<The Address offset in this BAR, in hex format\>

Length = \<The Address length to be tested, in hex format\>

PciIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH. For example
EfiPciIoWidthUint8\>

DatUnits = \<The data units to be write into the destination address,
can be **NULL**\>

\[MemWrite_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The Pci Device Path String\>

BarIndex = \<The BAR Index valid value is 0-5\>

AddressOffset = \<The Address offset in this BAR, in hex format\>

Length = \<The Address length to be tested, in hex format\>

PciIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH. For example
EfiPciIoWidthUint8\>

DatUnits = \<The data units to be write into the destination address,
can be **NULL**\>

\[IoRead_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The Pci Device Path String\>

BarIndex = \<The BAR Index valid value is 0-5\>

AddressOffset = \<The Address offset in this BAR, in hex format\>

Length = \<The Address length to be tested, in hex format\>

PciIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH. For example
EfiPciIoWidthUint8\>

DatUnits = \<The data units to be write into the destination address,
can be **NULL**\>

\[IoWrite_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The Pci Device Path String\>

BarIndex = \<The BAR Index valid value is 0-5\>

AddressOffset = \<The Address offset in this BAR, in hex format\>

Length = \<The Address length to be tested, in hex format\>

PciIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH. For example
EfiPciIoWidthUint8\>

DatUnits = \<The data units to be write into the destination address,
can be **NULL**\>

\[PciRead_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The Pci Device Path String\>

AddressOffset = \<The Address offset in configuration space for this
device, in hex format\>

Length = \<The Address length to be tested, in hex format\>

PciIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH. For example
EfiPciIoWidthUint8\>

DatUnits = \<The data units to be write into the destination address,
can be **NULL**\>

\[PciWrite_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The Pci Device Path String\>

AddressOffset = \<The Address offset in configuration space for this
device, in hex format\>

Length = \<The Address length to be tested, in hex format\>

PciIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH. For example
EfiPciIoWidthUint8\>

DatUnits = \<The data units to be write into the destination address,
can be **NULL**\>

\[CopyMem_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The Pci Device Path String\>

SrcBarIndex = \<Source BAR index valid value is 0-5\>

DestBarIndex = \<Destination BAR index valid value is 0-5\>

SrcAddressOffset = \<The address offset in source BAR resource\>

DestAddressOffset = \<The address offset in destination BAR resource\>

Length = \<The Address length to be tested, in hex format\>

PciIoWidth = \<The EFI_PCI_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH. For example
EfiPciIoWidthUint8\>

DatUnits = \<The data units to be write into the source address, can be
**NULL**\>

\[PollMem_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The Pci Device Path String\>

PciIoWidth = \<The invalid EFI_PCI_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH. For example
EfiPciIoWidthUint64 on IA32 platform\>

\[PollIo_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The Pci Device Path String\>

PciIoWidth = \<The invalid EFI_PCI_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH. For example
EfiPciIoWidthUint64 on IA32 platform\>

\[MemRead_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The Pci Device Path String\>

PciIoWidth = \<The invalid EFI_PCI_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH. For example
EfiPciIoWidthUint64 on IA32 platform\>

\[MemWrite_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The Pci Device Path String\>

PciIoWidth = \<The invalid EFI_PCI_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH. For example
EfiPciIoWidthUint64 on IA32 platform\>

\[IoRead_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The Pci Device Path String\>

PciIoWidth = \<The invalid EFI_PCI_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH. For example
EfiPciIoWidthUint64 on IA32 platform\>

\[IoWrite_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The Pci Device Path String\>

PciIoWidth = \<The invalid EFI_PCI_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH. For example
EfiPciIoWidthUint64 on IA32 platform\>

\[PciRead_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The Pci Device Path String\>

PciIoWidth = \<The invalid EFI_PCI_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH. For example
EfiPciIoWidthUint64 on IA32 platform\>

\[PciWrite_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The Pci Device Path String\>

PciIoWidth = \<The invalid EFI_PCI_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH. For example
EfiPciIoWidthUint64 on IA32 platform\>

\[CopyMem_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The Pci Device Path String\>

PciIoWidth = \<The invalid EFI_PCI_IO_PROTOCOL_WIDTH. For example
EfiPciIoWidthUint64 on IA32 platform\>

## EFI_DEVICE_IO_PROTOCOL Test Profile

\[MemRead_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The Device IO Protocol instance device path\>

ValidBaseAddress = \<The Memory address in this Device\>

ValidEfiIoWidth = \<The valid EFI_IO_WIDTH value\>

Length = \<The Data length to be tested\>

\[MemWrite_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The Device IO Protocol instance device path\>

ValidBaseAddress = \<The Memory address in this Device\>

ValidEfiIoWidth = \<The valid EFI_IO_WIDTH value\>

Length = \<The Data length to be tested\>

\[IoRead_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The Device IO Protocol instance device path\>

ValidBaseAddress = \<The Io address in this Device\>

ValidEfiIoWidth = \<The valid EFI_IO_WIDTH value\>

Length = \<The Data length to be tested\>

\[IoWrite_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The Device IO Protocol instance device path\>

ValidBaseAddress = \<The Io address in this Device\>

ValidEfiIoWidth = \<The valid EFI_IO_WIDTH value\>

Length = \<The Data length to be tested\>

\[PciRead_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The Device IO Protocol instance device path\>

ValidBaseAddress = \<The PCI address\>

ValidEfiIoWidth = \<The valid EFI_IO_WIDTH value\>

Length = \<The Data length to be tested\>

DataUnits = \<The data for this PCI address range\>

\[PciWrite_Func\]

DevicePath = \<The Device IO Protocol instance device path\>

ValidBaseAddress = \<The PCI address \>

ValidEfiIoWidth = \<The valid EFI_IO_WIDTH value\>

Length = \<The Data length to be tested\>

DataUnits = \<The data to be written for this PCI address range\>

\[MemRead_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The Device IO Protocol instance device path\>

ValidBaseAddress = \<The Memory address in this device\>

InvalidEfiIoWidth = \<The EFI_IO_WIDTH invalid for this system\>

\[MemWrite_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The Device IO Protocol instance device path\>

ValidBaseAddress = \<The Memory address in this device\>

InvalidEfiIoWidth = \<The EFI_IO_WIDTH invalid for this system\>

\[IoRead_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The Device IO Protocol instance device path\>

ValidBaseAddress = \<The Io address in this device\>

InvalidEfiIoWidth = \<The EFI_IO_WIDTH invalid for this system\>

\[IoWrite_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The Device IO Protocol instance device path\>

ValidBaseAddress = \<The Io address in this device\>

InvalidEfiIoWidth = \<The EFI_IO_WIDTH invalid for this system\>

\[PciRead_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The Device IO Protocol instance device path\>

ValidBaseAddress = \<The Valid PCI address \>

InvalidEfiIoWidth = \<The EFI_IO_WIDTH invalid for this system\>

\[PciWrite_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The Device IO Protocol instance device path\>

ValidBaseAddress = \<The Valid PCI address \>

InvalidEfiIoWidth = \<The EFI_IO_WIDTH invalid for this system\>

\[AllocateBuffer_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The Device IO Protocol instance device path\>

InvalidBaseAddress= \<The memory address invalid for this system\>

\[PciDevicePath_Conf\]

DevicePath = \<The Device IO Protocol instance device path\>

InvalidBaseAddress= \<The PCI address invalid for this system\>

\>
